There are five indexes: 
One each for documents, transcripts, footnotes, topics and notes.

What exactly is indexed for each of these?

For documents, the full text of the bibliographic information for the
document and the topics assigned to the document are indexed. For example:

Woman Suffrage. The Argument of Carrie S. Burnham before Chief Justice
Reed, and Associate Justices Agnew, Sharswood and Mercur, of the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, in Banc, on the Third and Fourth of
April, 1873. Philadelphia: Citizen’s Suffrage Association, 1873.
 Burnham, Carrie S.
Women Already Voters: Test Cases during Reconstruction
Woman Suffrage
Philadelphia, Pa.

For transcripts, the full text of the transcript is indexed.

For footnotes, the footnoted text (i.e. the text in a transcript to
which the footnotes is attached) and the full text of the footnote are
indexed. For example:

When the women pickets were forcibly fed in Washington Jail, they were
told by a gentleman from Congress that if they would stop hunger
striking, they would be given all the privileges of political
Prisoners but would not be recognized as such, for that would
automatically establish a political status which a Democracy could not
tolerate.
On 10 January 1917, the National Woman’s Party, a suffrage
organization, began silently picketing the White House in support of a
constitutional amendment that would give women the right to vote. On
22 June, two “pickets” were arrested for obstruction of traffic, the
first of more than 100 arrests of pickets over the summer and
fall. The women...

For topics, the preferred name, aliases (if any), and full text of the
topic summary (if one exists) are indexed. The related topics are NOT
indexed. For example:

Rankin, Jeannette (1880-1973)
Montana social worker, suffragist and politician. Graduating from the
University of Montana in 1912...

For notes, the title of the note, the full text of the main content of
the note, the full text of any citation-specific notes, the
bibliographic information in the citation, and the topics assigned to
the note are indexed. For example:

Rompapas, John Nicholas: Relationship and involvement with Margaret Sanger
Notes on relationship between Rompapas and Margaret Sanger
JR ought to be a closed book & yet I feel, have a very strong feeling
somehow that you are waiting.  You said at Provincetown...
Sanger, William, letter to Margaret Sanger, Dec. 18, 1914 (MSM: 207262
Roberts, Walter Adolphe (1886-1962)
Sanger, Margaret Higgins (1879-1966)
Rompapas, Nicholas John (1878-?)


