Here's what I have in mind for the technical architecture of the Editors' &
Curators' Notes (E&CN):

E&CN will be a database and web site hosted at Berkeley. The database will
store 4 kinds of records:

1. Notes
2. Queries
3. Citations
4. Terms

1. *Notes* consist of text written by an Editor or Curator. The text is
stored as HTML, so it may have hyperlinks and all the other features that
HTML enables.

2. *Queries* also consist of text written by an Editor or Curator. In fact,
we can think of a Query as a special kind of Note, one that is identified as
*asking* something rather than or explaining or describing something. The
distinction exists solely so that Queries can be presented differently in
the interface. A Query may be converted to a Note if it is answered.

3. *Citations* are bibliographic descriptions of and references to source
documents. These may be references to offline documents or links to online
documents. They may include a scan of the document itself.

4. All of the previous 3 kinds of records must be indexed using terms drawn
from a controlled vocabulary of *Terms*. Terms may be person names,
organization names, place names, event names, publication names, or names of
topics or themes. We can think of these as subject authority records, with
support for variant spellings, aliases, etc. But they go beyond that, with
support for various kinds of relations among terms, e.g. personal relations
between persons, involvement of persons and organizations in events, etc.
Just as Terms are used to index Notes, Queries, and Citations, relationships
between Terms might also be used for indexing: for instance if John Doe and
Fred Smith were both schoolmates and business partners, their business
partnership relation might be used to index a Citation that is relevant to
the latter relationship but not the former.

Notes, Queries and Citations are associated with their creators (of which
there may be more than one: each of these is a collaborative document).
Records of every change to these records are kept so that it is always
possible to return to earlier versions. Notes, Queries, and Citations may be
private or public. Private records are only visible to editors and curators,
not the general public.

The above only describes the underlying data structure. The interface will
use the indexing terms to aggregate all of the Notes, Queries, and Citations
relevant to a specific person, organization, place, event, publication, or
theme. The resulting aggregation is expected to look something like the E.B.
Foote and L.A. Times examples we created. Snapshots of the aggregated term
pages, as well as materials like the scanned documents, can be periodically
stored at the Internet Archive or elsewhere.

I expect to use the Django web framework (http://www.djangoproject.com/) and
the various components available for it to implement E&CN. For full-text
search I will use the Xapian search engine.
